All right, so let's talk about the number 10 position. In other words, the center attacking mid. So starting in the defensive third, a center attacking mid will always hang out above an eight and above a six, right? They're the attacking mid. So they play more of an attacking role, but that doesn't mean they always are up front and never defending. So say we are in our defending third. We're at the very edge of our defending third. What a 10 will do is they will hang out in somewhere parallel with the eight in this case. So for instance, we might put the 10 here. Not fully in a defensive position, but just enough to where they can't go side to side easily right here. If they if the other team is playing more backwards like this with three back, three hanging back, we might move up a little bit more and hang out up top more or we might drop back and let the eight come in and play a defensive role depending on what's happening with the field. But in most situations, we'll be hanging up here. Now, if we see that the ball is a little bit more here and we're in a little bit more of a dangerous situation where we need more players back, this is when we would see a 10 drop into the space a little bit more and more play out around this area as an outlet for if we win the ball. But you can see right here that the 10 is hanging out in the in the space. He's they're they're in front of the eight and the six. We want to keep it that way. We want the 10 to hang out away from the eight, away from the six being ready to be that outlet. Now, if we jump to the middle third and let's move a couple pieces around. Say we're in the width and we're moving into this space right here. Our nine would be somewhere in this channel. And our 10 and our eight would want to be somewhere in this space. As we're trying to play the ball, we're trying to get it up closer to the field as we look to go forward. So you can maybe find that ball right there. We want to be an option. We want to be an outlet and we want to be able to get the ball into a good space. So even if the ball goes here with our nine running onto it, even if our main striker goes out and starts becoming a winger, our 10 would be able to come in into the attack. And that's what a lot of happens in the attacking third as well. When it comes to, like I said, coming back to the middle third, a lot of the time we just want to be an outlet, being able to either switch the point of attack, and know that means switching the field based on what we want to do or just being there so that we don't have to just kick the ball up. Um, and yeah, that that's one of one of the bigger things we play the ball. If somebody's there in the in the attacking third in the wide, both the nine and the 10 should both come in for that cross, the striker and the center attacking mid. Now, if we're dealing with more of this situation where we're at the top of the box, a 10 or an eight could be in this spot in the zone 14 to take a shot. Most of the time they'll be in front of the goal with the nine. But if we see the eight is up there, the 10 will drop back just a little because then this is a situation where if the ball ends up right here, obviously we want to one-touch finish that into the goal. But a lot of the time we'll be over here dealing with this. And if the other team has the ball, we might drop back a little. let the nine try and deal with something so that and if they beat us in the one v one we'll have some support to win the ball back. So just to uh recap when we are defending we need to drop back. Sometimes we'll play defense. Most of the time we'll be an outlet to get out of our defending third. In our middle third we want to connect. We want to be a connection and we want to see if we can play the ball up the field as much as possible. from the wingers or from the center defensive mid. We want to receive the ball and we want to see if we can play it up or play it wide. Um if the ball ever goes wide without us or this our striker or our winger goes in or even our eight goes in, then we should be in the box ready to receive the ball, ready to find a cross and and be brave. And then if we are in the other team's box, we want to be either in a space where we can try and do a tap in or at the top of the box where if there's a if they leave the ball off, we'll be able to one touch it, finish it. That's overall that's basically the job of the tent to stay up, right? Be that attacking mid and help out in the attack at all times. Of course, also dropping back. Let me know if you have any questions.