Okay, so let's talk about what the center backs are. Our four and our five. So the best way to explain a center back, right, is to look at a goal kick situation. Our goalkeeper right here can play it out to our five or to our four, our left center back or our right center back. And in this situation, when we are right next to the goal and we are in a very vulnerable position, there really is only two things you can do. It's look to go forward and get wide. Think about ining our two attack attacking team tactical principles. So immediately it should be a press going up the field. 99% of the time you're going to see a striker come out and try and defend that space. If that happens, we're looking to make the pass wide. Again, get wide and stay wide. All right. If this happens, this is our this is perfect. We're in an amazing space. But again, a lot of the time we might see this where the other team seven comes out in this space as well. If that's the case, we're in a spot where we don't really have any options. So finding feet might be a is a horrible idea because we're not playing cuz we'll play to the other team's feet here. Even playing here might be a bad idea because nine could be here and 10 could be right behind. So what do we do? What do we do? It's all about moving. Think about our three center mids. Make that movement. And that's what you should look like look for as a center back. Being able to play out not only wide but forward as much as possible. We may get to the center backs playing with each other going back and forth, back and forth like this. But this that is also very uh very complex for what we want to do starting out. We just want to start by playing it out. play it out. Get it wide. And the same thing with the fork. When we're in the middle third, we want to hang back. We want to hang back as much as possible. So, let me throw a couple players in here real quickly. Okay. So, now in our middle third with the winger having the ball in this situation, we could see two things. We could see our center backs just moving up the field just to be in line with the number nine. In fact, we might even move up a little bit more to force that nine to come out, come up more so that we can tighten the field. Um, and if they if they win the ball, say we're winning it and all of a sudden seven wins it. Now the field's tight and we can maybe try and close it in. Um, but if we're just attacking, we just want to be vigilant, right? defenders. We gota be we gota be v vigilant and our one of our defenders our left center back in this situation they might drop back just to just to cover the space in behind if our team has the ball and yeah that's what we're looking for and that's the same thing on the other side just being ready to play and we can get wide right we can get wide but if we lose the ball immediate compaction should happen where this player come backs here this player comes out here to get compact and Now, we're in this situation to where we're pretty pretty compact. If it's ever in the middle of the field, we just compact there, right? And we hope that our 11 drops, our seven drops, and we get that little formation. And our six also is hanging back as well. And that's the ultimate goal. That's the ultimate goal for the middle third, just being ready to play. Let's look at attacking third. Attacking third is the easiest for the defenders as we don't really have to do much. If we have the ball or up here, let's just put these players where they should be. If we're up here and there's one striker, then for sure we are good. We are perfect. Exactly where we want to be on the half line where the other where the nine can't um the nine can't go any further. If we had a player back here, that nine can go all the way here and not be off sides. So that means why we that's why we have to push forward. We have to push up as much as possible. If there is no player back, we could even send in another defender and only leave one back here. But most of the time there's always going to be a striker up there. And if we see there's two with a high line, we'll drop our six as well. And this will be a com conversate combo combo with it here. Remember, we want to make a position to where we're up a player. So, in this situation, this is a 2v3 where we have the three is exactly where we want to be. If they're here, then we can go here, 2v1. It's perfect. Or a 1v zero where it's like this. And that's it. That's it for center backs, right? So, biggest thing is just to be vigilant, be ready for the transition from attack to defense as quickly as possible. And um yeah, if you have any questions, let me know. And just remember four and five, always being compact and then supporting and being ready to play.