Let's talk about the role of the center defensive mid. In other words, our six. Okay. So, thinking about our formation again, we had a 251 that transition transitions to a 341 on defense or we have a 341 that transitions to a 251 on offense. And so, right now, we're in a situation where our center back has the ball and they're trying to get it out of the field. Right here, here's our six. This is part of our defender right now. If this is happening and we're in a little space here, that five is trying to get out the field as quick as possible. That six should be get should trying to get into a place to where they can receive and they can play it out. Right? When we're in our defensive third, we need to be a defender. We need to be a defender. We need to be a strong defender. So, looking to make those connections. And let's say the five gets a lucky break. They can they start running up the field with everybody else. That's when the six actually drops back to help be a defender to allow the center back to run forward with the ball. And that's one of the biggest things with the center defensive mid. If you see a center back go up the field or you see a gap in the defense, that's your job to fill it. Your job is to fill the space uh to make sure no balls get through. So for here and the other teams 11 has the ball. Our four back here and our fives right here, their nines's here, their 10's here. Our six will come about right here so that they cover this space. If the 11 moves into this space, that nine could move here. That five could move here. That six could then probably jump into this space right here. If the four doesn't at that point, the eight's also coming in here. So, it's all about covering the space in the defensive third. You're a defender. You're part of the three when it in the 341 in the middle third. You're still pretty much a defender. You're still being ready just in case if we lose the ball. If we have the ball, we might be in line with the with our other midfielder playing the ball in between. But if we don't have the ball or we lose it, we should immediately drop back to once again cover the space as our defenders come back in to uh get compact. You know, six comes back to stop any forward balls that might turn into breakaways. And again, this is easier for the middle as there's not too many things going on. You remember when you're the six, you all you have two other center mids in front of you, a striker in front of you, a winger and a right, two wingers to your left and right. So you have a ton of support when it comes to going out. You just got to pick the right one. This is still a 341. This is still the three in the back just in case. 4-1. Then we get to our 251. This is where the 251 really starts to matter because now we're in a situation where we are away from our goal. We're in a pretty safe position which means our six can jump up a little bit. Our six could jump up even up to here or if they're playing high up to where the 10 is, other team's 10 is. And just around that area, which is perfect, perfect, perfect, perfect. If we have the ball, if we lose the ball, we should immediately try and do a recovery just in case there could be a a 3v3 or a 3v2 situation happening on the field. And that's why we recover. So going from here to here, there's not a lot of running in this situation, but then it becomes a lot of running when you have to drop back fully. But that's what we're looking for for the uh center defensive mid position. Being able to cover in the center backs, being a connection in the midfield, and then once again being a connection in the forward position, but also looking to maybe even score a goal from zone 14. Um yeah, let me know if you have any questions.