Okay, let's talk about the eight position. In other words, the center mid. Okay, so when we're thinking about a center mid, we got to think about them as owning the central channel. And if you remember what the central channel is, that is this area right here. So if you're the center mid, you're the center of the attention. You're going back and forth, back and forth in the center. This is what we call in your box to box. Uh box to box. Yeah. So again, you want to own your center. Sometimes you'll go wide, but otherwise you won't. Most of the time you'll be staying centralized and wanting to control your center of the field. So, we're we're in the defensive third right now and we're looking to build out at the back. Our six has the ball. Our nine is being pressured. Our seven is being blocked by the 11. What do we do here? 99% of the time, our eight is what happens. Right now, we cannot make this pass at all. This pass is not possible because of the nine blocking. The simple thing is just move. Move into the space. That's one of the big things when it comes to center mids. Being able to move in and out of space so that you can receive the ball is so so important. and being able to connect the ball out because the second this ball gets played here, here, that ball can come out to our winger and we can get wide and we can go forward, which is the ultimate goal, which is the ultimate goal with what we want to do. Um, when we're defending, you're almost always dropping back. So, for example, here, their eight has the ball. Our six would probably be attacking. No, sorry, our six would be here. R8 would be like one of the first defenders as our six and our five comes back to get compact on the defense. Ace usually the first defender. Don't dive in and then we can win the ball from there. That's what happens. The ball's wide here. Our eight will usually either come out just a little or five will come out and our six will shift shift and then eight will come in as well into the space. And yes, when you're in a you you got to run up and down the field like a winger controlling your central channel. So there's no there's no defending and there's no attacking only defending and only attacking. It's both. You have to do both. And then you also have to control the center with your 10 and your six, of course, because you have two other center mids. For middle third, same thing. If we're defending, we just want to press and allow our team allow the people behind us to get compact and be ready to play. If we have the ball, this is where it gets fun. If the team's like this and they have a players like this and they're playing with maybe three back like this, we could maybe take on a one v one and then look to play through the gaps to get our striker in or play over the top to get our 10 in or even our striker here. Play it wide so we can go down the field so we can go down the field. And again, like I said, it's connecting connection, connection, connection, and trying to break the lines of the defense and break the lines of the center to get it out. But again, you won't get the ball if you don't move in space and demand the ball and communicate with your teammates. So, that's one of the biggest things with the center mid position, right? Being able to play the ball out and move into the space. Now, when it comes to attacking, you probably get a lot of chances to score a goal, but not from the space that you might think. For example, the ball's here. 10 and nine are in. Seven and 11 are coming into their box right here. No. And the ball, and this is why the the eight's around this area right here most of the time. Not want to be in front of the 10 because the 10's the attacking mid. The nine's a striker. The 11, the seven are the wingers. So, you don't want to be behind. You don't want to be all clumped up here. If that six wins the ball, they kick it out, you're in a really, really good spot right now. This is what we call zone 14, the chance where most goals happen statistically. If that happens, you hit that shot. Bang. First time. Simple, right? Don't overthink it. Don't in fact, I wouldn't I wouldn't take a touch. I would just first time hit the goal, right? A lot of the time, the 10 might also be in this situation. You might be up here and the 10 might take that spot, but that's okay. Let's talk about set pieces. As you remember from the other modules, if you haven't watched them yet, I do recommend watching them. Our eight usually takes the corners. And this was in this was a past thing, but our eight usually takes the corners with our 9, 10, and six running into the box with our five and four being in the back. Um, it usually takes the corners because then once that happens, there's an immediately there's an immediate shift here to come back on defense. And if we're winning the ball, we can play offense. But if we lose the ball quickly, our six isn't a great place to drop back and we can easily come back to help out on defense. But you have to hustle back. You're always taking the corners, always trying to hold the hand, hold the hand up. And then once you're ready, you put the hand down. And once the hand reaches downwards, that's when they start the run in and you start your kick. And we're going to practice this a million times, so don't worry about it. And it's the same thing for free kicks. If we're in a situation right here, eight back, 10 back, six back, you're always going to take this free kick because one, there's three center there's three of our center backs who are ready for just in case it goes to another teammate. and because we want to play the ball up and we want to stay in our midfield as much as possible. So yeah, eight is a set piece taker. It's also the connection of the channels of the main channel, the middle channel. Uh so let me know if you have any questions with this.