Let's talk about the experience and the principles of what the goalie needs to do in our style of play. This is probably one of the easiest ones when it comes to what needs to be done for a goalie cuz not much is changing when it comes to that position. you're mostly staying in goal and then not making dumb mistakes when it comes to playing the ball out. So, for example, in a little goal kick situation, understand that this ball can go anywhere in this little sixyard box right here. And you can play it anywhere you want. You can play it up to the five, no, up to here. And then if we play it, if we start in this position, we might play it out to our five. Or you could bring it out here and we could play it out to the four. But either way, then most of the time we're just going to play it out nice and small. Nice and small. Play it out so that the other team so that we can start to build it out properly. There could be a world where we might want to play it here, but at the same time, there's usually a striker on the other team defending our our number six player. So, we want to play it out wide. Play it out wide so we can get it out wide. And that's really it for like any of the tactical principles stuff when it comes to free kicks and things like that. You want to be on your line. You want to make sure there's a wall. Make sure that you're there communicating with your team and figuring out what the what needs to be done. Uh if we're sitting in the middle third. Oh, I don't have any of my team here. I don't have any of the other team. realize that, right? Goalkeeper is going to stay back here. Goalkeeper is going to stay back all the time. There is a world where if we're in the attacking third, the goalkeeper could move up a little bit. But again, this is very this is very advanced and the second that we lose the ball, we should immediately drop back even if they're going up. But most of the time, we should hang back. Hang back and stay in our goal box. You own the goal box. And that's really it for goalkeeper. The biggest thing I want to say is we all know that there is no set goalkeeper position right now and we all are a bunch of field players and we need to be able to understand how to play the goalkeeper position. Now, the goalkeeper position isn't as scary as some might make it out to be. And the reason behind that is just because the scary part is the ball getting played straight to your face or getting played to a corner where you can't get to the ball and then you being embarrassed that you couldn't save it. Let me just explain it to you that most kids at this age cannot save a ball in general. Um it's just because of us when it comes to development as people. Our hand eye coordination is getting better. our foot eye coordination is getting there. And so don't be embarrassed. Don't be sad that you let a goal go in, especially if it was a good shot. Right? The biggest thing for this type of goalkeeper is the confidence. Build the confidence to have the ball to play out, to use the hands, and try and win the ball in a situation. Right? That's the biggest thing. confidence and then also using the hands as much as possible. If you this striker right here, boom. If you're in this situation, 99% of the time that striker scores because that's just what happens, right? You don't have to be worried that you don't have to be embarrassed if that happens. But if you somehow win the ball, right, using the hands, that's all about confidence. All about confidence being able to try and win the ball back right there. and are using the hands as much as possible. That's going to be something weird as we're going from hands to feet and or sorry, from feet to hands and um that whole idea, but we'll practice it. We'll practice the idea. We might not practice it in a p like actual practice situation like putting different players in it. If we scrimmaged them, for sure we will. But when it comes to our main technical development, I'm not going to worry about the goalkeeper because we're going to become defensively sound enough to where we won't have to worry about it at all. When it comes to goalkeeper, just remember to be confident and to use the hands and you'll be and you'll do your best and we will support you no matter what, if you have the ball or not.