Let's talk about the striker, our number nine in our 251. So, if you just think about a 251 or a 341, there is always one similarity, and that's the one at the top. And because of that, we want that one striker, our nine, to stay as high as possible in every situation that we can because we want to be able to see if we can get a counterattack going, especially if we're in our defending third. So, in this situation, our nine is actually out of place. If the four and the five are dropping back behind the half line, we're going to go right next to them. We want to be right there with them. If they are right here and we're hanging out back here, this is the called the offsides position because we are hanging out behind our attacking half and if the ball gets played when we're in this position, this is all sides and we give them a free kick, which is not good. We don't want to give them a free kick. So, we hang out in line with them all the time. When we're in defending third, we're always going to hang up at the top. We're never gonna defend. Almost never gonna defend. All right? But when we're attacking, we need to have the most speed. We need to have the most attention. And when we build out, we need to be ready to play. So, for example, eight, we win the ball. We're up in this place. The 10's running in. We're expecting balls here, here, here for that nine to run onto it. Always, always, always, always. Let's say the ball's out here where the where our 11 has the ball and we've just transitioned from defense to attack. What I want to see is us move into the channel with the ball. That's a very important thing. Moving into the channel with the ball. For example, if our 11 has the ball and they're moving down the field like this, currently R9 being here has no help at all. There is no ball here. So, what we can do instead is we move right here. In this case, those defenders will be around this area. We move with the channel with the ball. Now, there's actually an outlet for us to get to the ball. And by the time that's happened, our 10 is moved up, our eight's moved up, and our seven's also moved up as well, but we want to be in the channel with the ball. If the ball's over here, we're going to have we're going to move to the channel with the ball. And that's expected with all that stuff as well. move to the channel with the ball so that we can always be an option to take it down the field in the middle third. It's the same thing. Let's let me move a couple people. It's the same thing. If they're right here, we want to be at the top of their line so we can find a ball and maybe turn and shoot. If the ball's here in the width, we move into this channel. In fact, I'll turn on thirds and channels now. Here's something interesting to think about. In our defending third, when we were back there, when we were when everybody was back here, there was something interesting. When we were in the defending third, our nine was in the middle third. When we were in the That's the attacking third. When we were in the middle third, our striker was in the attacking third. So, it's almost like we're always in a different third, but in the same channel. So for attackers, it's a lot more important that to be in the right channel than the right third. You own the attacking third. Um but you got to got to weave around the channels. And you got to be around the middle turn and weave around the channels. So being able to play that out when we're attacking, we do not want to cloud this middle area. We always want to be again at the top trying to win the wall back. And we want to trust that our 10 and our eight are in a good spot to where if we want, we can play it back or we can try and shoot. If we again, we always want to shoot if we have the option. But if we can't and we're looking and the field looks like this with four defenders hanging out here, we might want to play it wide so that we can maybe try crossing and try and bring a couple defenders out and get make that open pass. Or let's move them back over here. we might just play it back and find a goal. Right? So, there's only that's the one time that I see us play it not towards our goal is if we want to go wide, play it to our 11 or we want to go back and let our eight or our 10 strike it or again also play it wide to our seven. Um, yeah, that's what we want to see. So for a nine, we want to hang out at the top of our defensive line. Go in between the channels with the ball where the ball is at all times and then look to score all the time. Look to score as much as possible or play it back to give another player the opportunity to score as well.