Okay, let's talk about our two wingers, our seven and our 11. Our 11's on the left wing, our seven's on our right. And the we care about the wide channels. The seven and the 11 own their wide channels. We always want to stay wide. Sometimes we'll get compact, but most of the time we'll be staying wide depending on where we have the ball or where the other team has the ball. So, let's start with a goal kick situation. If the ball gets played out here immediately, they're going to try and go for where we are going to try and go forward and we're going to get pressed. If that happens, our winger needs to be an outlet. We need to find that pass to an outlet. Now, that again, high chance we'll get pressed like this. We get pressed like this. And if that's the case, then we are screwed. We if that we try to find that pass, we lose the ball because the other team's 11 perfectly defends it, right? Um, if that's the case, you can see we have this space that gets opened up and then we want to maybe make a run here. This is when getting a little bit more centralized might actually help us so that we can keep going wide down the field like this. But if that's not the case, I want they want to be ready. We want to be ready to play and we want to be ready to play it out here and then hopefully have be ready to play the ball out to this space as well or maybe even take on a 1 v one situation down the field. And it's the same thing here. If we play to our five, we want to be ready to play to our 11. And again, we're staying in our channels. Staying in our channels, being able to stay in this channel and take it into the space is super super important. When we're defending in our defending in our defending third, it depends on where are the other wingers. If the winger is here, we're we aren't helping at all by hanging out in this out here in the wide areas. Instead, we need to get back. But if we see that the other teams with Evans hanging out wide right here, we are going to hang out with them as well. So, it's really depending on where they want to be, where the other team is. Uh, and that's that's about that when it comes to defending. Never just want to hang out wide. You want to get compact, but you don't want to leave a player open for for for them to counter and maybe find a cross in. When it comes to the middle third, this is when it becomes really important to stay wide because we're looking to keep the field as wide as possible as we try and go back and forth or even back here and find a pass. But again, we're out here. We might be trying to go up a little bit more. We be trying to shake the other wingers and then also maybe trying to find a pass to our nine as well. If this is the case, our nine will be moving into this to the the channel with the ball and we might play that ball up like this and they might go in the field here. And that's the same thing here. Our nine might be here. Our seven could play the ball into this space. If this is the case where we see our nine or our 10 take the ball to a corner and now they're trying to cross it, that situation that nines became the winger and whatever winger that has made that pass, they become the striker or they become a center, right? So that we can get that support. So, let's go to attacking third in this situation where the nine's here. If the nine's here on the left wing, our 11's going to jump in and our seven is going to jump in a little bit right here. So, that there's three players in the box to try and get that tap into the goal. And that's only if the nine moves. 99% of the time, nine's going to be here. We're going to be here. And we got to get used to the feeling of crossing it. Of crossing it every single time. If it's over here, we move here. Crossing it into the box from our seven or maybe even shooting if we get if we can get close to the goal. But again, that's comes down to what we see in the game. When it comes to what we want to do, we want to be able to get the ball wide, keep the ball wide. If somebody's taking our wide position, we either want to support or we want to get into a box for a cross. And then we want to make sure that we stick on our man when we're defending. If we lose the ball in this situation, we immediately want to stay stay on our player. Stay on our player cuz they're guess what they're going to try and do? They're going to try and get wide. So, as wingers, we need to be ready to stop the ball from going wide and from going and stopping the ball from going forward. We want to keep it as compact as possible, especially in our attacking third because we're almost numbers up in this situation. and it might drop. But wait, we're in a really good situation if we win the ball. If we lose the ball here, we can still win it pretty well. And just like in the other team's goal kicks, I mean, just like in our goal kicks, the other team's goal kicks might play it out here. We want to step in front. We want to make it so that they can't make this ball. And then we want to expect as a 10, if there's a 10, we want to expect them to play this ball like this. If they play the ball across, we'll have center mid to block that space. So, we always want to block the wide areas. Always want to block the wide areas. And so, that's what we're looking for when it comes to this. The last piece for you is that wingers always take throwins. So, if we're in a throwin situation, we're always going to play here. We always want to play up the field. If we play it back, we put ourselves in a situation where the other team can win it and we might and we have to then re recover and compact in here. In fact, instead I would rather just throw it up the field and then win the 50/50 bowl and of course get into play immediately if it's over here. 11 has the ball and our nine might be here and our 10 might be here and our four the there four there five there six or eight or six or four or five. Always throw it down the field. Even if it looks like this, I would throw I would try and throw it over that seven's head and we're to our nine. Always play it down the field. And just to make it clear, you own the channels. Nothing happens without you knowing about it in your channel. If it's in your channel, if it's on your side, it's it should be you should be a part of that play no matter what. Let me know if you have any questions.