So let's talk about defending or attacking goal kicks in our defending third. First part when it comes to this remember we are attacking in our defending third. So the biggest thing is getting wide looking to go forward and finding feet or space. So one of the first things we are going to look at is the formation here. First off, we have our goalkeeper, our two center backs, our center defensive mid hanging out in in this area. Our striker is at the top of the box. We have our left wing and our right wing. And then we have our three center mids. Explicitly remembering that we have our center defensive mid hanging out right around this area around the box. And then our two other center mids hanging out not side by side, but sort of together stacked up on each other. So, let's zoom in on this real quickly and just look at our field of what we want to do. Now, most of the time, if not all the time, we're going to be playing the ball out to either this side or this side every single time. There is a world where we might play it to the six, but that is if there is no player here. But almost always we'll play it out to the five or to the four to one of our center backs. So let's say we play it out to our left center back right here. Immediately what's going to happen is the defending team is going to come out and they're going to come and press us, which is expected. Then what might that happen next is our winger will come out. They'll move to this position. We'll find a pass here. That is usually what we see happen a ton of time. Then that next winger might come in. They might be pressing hard. And then that could be the role of our center attacking mid of our six and our eight and maybe even our nine to come in and support the channel with the ball for the 11 to then try and find passes across into this area. And like I said, we're getting wide and we're looking to go forward as much as possible. And then the rest of the team goes in and they're supporting as you can see right. we come in and then we support as we try and play down the space. Now, let's say we're in a world where our five is being pressured. Our six is still here, but our 11 is being completely completely covered by this player and this pass is no longer possible. What leaves us now? What options do we have now? Well, we have to remember something. This nine was originally here. He came to press the moment this ball went to our five, which means who did that leave open? That left our six open, right? So now our six can move into here. And we can make that pass. And then that could even leave a pass out here to make an angled run for our 11. If the 10 then continues to press on that again leaves our eight open to try and find that ball up here more. And once again do the same thing going up and going back. But the biggest thing to remember in this situation is that when we're a center back here, we do not freak out when we win the ball. we are always going to be numbers up in a goal kick situation because on the other side of the field there's two center backs that are hanging out back there which means we are always going to be numbers up which means there's always going to be a player open and if we find ourselves not being able to have anybody open because we've made a mistake and we're too close to everybody hitting a tactical reset or hitting a tactical um play up by just kicking the ball up could be completely fine just hitting that ball up and seeing if our nine or 10k onto the ball. So you we never want to make this pass. Never never never want to make this pass. We make our pass here. We never want to make the pass across the goal because we will have another player that there other team striker might come in and win that ball easily. The 10 might come in and try and win that ball. And once we make this pass, the whole entire team is going to be rotating this way. If the center back makes that pass over here, we all again have to start running all the way back over here, and the winger has to get wide again. And so, it's just too much of a hassle sometimes to make that pass. When we get more used to our formation, we'll start learning how to make these passes back and forth. But on goal kicks, it is way, way too scary to just hit that ball from the five to the four and across every single time. So, for now, just get used to that feeling of play the ball up to our winger, play the ball to the feet of the winger if they're open, or play the ball in the space for the six to run onto, or just play the ball up. A goal kick is usually the scariest thing for any team right now, especially at this age, as we're starting the ball right from our spot and the whole entire team is just waiting to hunt us down. So, we have to play it correctly.