Now let's defend a goal kick in our attacking third. So now basically just like our defending third, we are now the attacking team. And let's talk about what exactly our roles as a team when it comes to defending this. Like I was saying in the last video, goal kicks are the scariest things to deal with at this age because a lot of us don't have the power to kick the ball. And so we have to play it short. And then like I said, we're all hunting for the ball. And so for our team, we're going to use that to our advantage. We're going to hunt for the ball early and we're going to see if we can score as quick as possible. So remember with our defending shape, get compact, stop the forward ball, and win the ball back fast. So this goalkeeper will now again most of the time they'll play it out to one of these defenders right here. If they play it high then we'll just have to explicitly be ready for the center mids to come in. When I mean by high is I mean if they defend it out here and they play the ball out here into this area. Well, we have three players that are ready to win the ball and be brave to try and win it. Even if they play it all the way up here, we can have a nice battle right here to try and win the ball. But again, most of the time we're we're going to play teams who are going to play it short most likely. If they do, we have a trap set for them immediately. Say they play it out to their five. They're immediately going to try and play it through their winger right here. That's when this seven immediately comes out in steps, blocking that angle. Now, the second that this ball gets played, our nine, our attacker is going to immediately come out and press. This is an immediate press because we need to make them make a decision. And we hope to for them to make a bad decision. We hope that when the goalkeeper plays this ball out right here, this striker comes out here, scares this defender who just kicks it to our winger who will take it down the field to try and go for a cross to for a shot. That is the ultimate best situation to happen. We will score 100% of the time if that happens. That happens. But again, that's not going to happen all the time, but if it does, we want that to happen. So once again, nine is pressing immediately when the ball gets played out. If it goes out here, our nine presses this way, and our 11 comes to support by blocking off the p the wide angle, making it more compact. Now, one little piece for the nine. When we play the ball out, when they play the ball out, we want to shape our pressure. Ball gets played out here. We want to shape our pressure. That means we don't want to run straight on because that means that five they could play it out to that four and then we'll have to do a switch here. We're going to make a run. We're going to tighten it so it looks like this instead. We're blocking it so that they cannot switch the field. They have to either play this way or this way, right? And so here they play it out wide. We win the ball. Then they say they move their six, they move their eight. Kind of like what we do. We once again want to move our positions, move our 10, move our eight to get into a space to receive. And this is like the basics of goal goal kicks when it comes to defending. I don't care about anything else. Then our 11 might shift over a little bit. And as you can see, we've compacted the field really, really well. The only way for this five to get the ball out is by kicking it up. And then hopefully we're going to practice this a ton of winning the ball in the air with physicality and with the with the confidence, okay? To win the ball off of the first bounce or the second bounce. But then overall, that's how we're going to do our goal kicks. Just as a little bit of a recap, biggest thing. Ball gets played out to a center back. Nine immediately presses, changing our pressure so that we're only pushed to one direction. Our 11 comes out to defend the seven so that this player, so this is no longer a passing line. Same thing here. Our 10 comes in to defend the six. So there's no central ball. The only way we can do it, only way they can play the ball to keep it not from going straight to us is by kicking it out.