Let's talk about our team's corners. So, this might be a little bit new for some of you when it comes to a actual set play of what a corner looks like. And it looks might look a little complicated for you, but remember there's only three main moving targets in this in this game in this corner. Okay, let's first remember our formations. Number nine, that's our striker. Seven, that's our winger. 11, left winger. Then we have three center mids. We have our six, our center defensive mid, our center attacking mid. And then where's our center mid? That's the one who takes the corner. Most of the time, it's always going to be that center mid, unless one of these two decide to take it, and then they just take the space there. Then we have our center backs hanging out in the back just in case. Now the second this player puts up a hand like something like this, like puts up a hand saying, "Hey, I'm about to go." You put the hand down. And on that hand's coming down. This is how you make your runs. The first player in the stack of three, we have a stack of three here. The first player in the stack of three will make their run into the middle of the box. The second player in the stack of three, they will make the run to the top of the box. And then the third player in a stack of three will make their run to the outside of the box. That ball will come in as we're running into the box. And hopefully the ultimate goal Whoops. The ultimate goal for it would be for them to just for us to just ricochet it off of ourselves into the goal. If it goes past us, that's why the 11 is there to then see if we can find a shot. And then sometimes once we get used to our normal corners, we could even send in our seven to play it short and then play it long or then play it into the goal. And that is usually how our goal how our corner kicks are going to work. So the biggest thing is remembering this this part right here. If you're the first in the line, you run straight. If you're second, you run near post. If you're third, you run far post. Very simple. Very simple. And we'll practice this a ton. But I expect this to be ran with perfection when it comes to our games because again, like this is really, really simple stuff, but it works so well.