Now let's talk about defending corners. I've decided to put in the other team because I I want to explicitly explain and show you that in a corner it is chaotic. How many players are here? 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 around 13 players of the 18 that are on the field are going to be in the box when we are when we're playing. It's a chaotic little dance of what's happening when we when the other team plays a corner. And it's the same thing with us when we play a corner. We simplify it with our little run. The other teams, they might not simplify. They might just play a normal corner. Or if they do play a specific set piece, it won't matter because we will have a specific way of setting up for our defensive corners. And it's really just simple as mark your player. Find the player and mark it. There's nothing specific with it. It's find a player and mark it. Let's start with this. Let's say whoever's playing here, whoever's taking the goal kick, sorry the sorry, the corner. If a player comes in and tries to do a small pass, our winger, this is our left winger because we're in the left channel, they'll come in, they'll make sure that this small pass doesn't happen. If there's no player here and they're in it, that left wing immediately comes in to support this way. Our five and our four, our center backs, are going to be in the corner. That means they are not going to be on the goal line. And this is what I mean. Sometimes we say to be on the to be on the corners of the goal. So for instance, here's our goalie. Sometimes we want to put our five and our four right here blocking the edge of the goal. I say that's completely completely unnecessary. Because again, at this age, no one's going to be hitting it one time into the corner without luck. Right? So, we want to be bringing our five and our four up a little bit to come out and again be compact and defend this area. Nine will come out here, 10 will be here. You'll want to mark around this area. Eight will be around here. This is where your This is where our six might want to be. Our seven's mark blocking the 11. Our 11's blocking whoever's the closest out here. And then that leaves another two here to then also press into the space and mark in here as well. Basically, completely smothering what's going on around in this area. Overall, when that ball comes in, that ball needs to get out as quick as possible. I wouldn't even say passing it out or trying to connect it outwards. Just play it up. And then get our wingers to run up onto the ball. Or play it up till our striker get to it. And then they can play it wide in those different areas. But that's the ultimate goal with when we're defending corners. We want to overload our own box so that when we come in, we can easily overpower it to get it out of the map get it out. But the biggest thing as well is confidence. You need to have confidence that when that ball comes in, you don't let it bounce. Or you only let it bounce once you kick get that get it out. Have to get it out.