Okay. Let's talk about throw-ins. So, the first rule of throw-ins, 90% of the time the wingers are going to be taking the throw-in. Whether it's on the left side or the right side, left side is our 11, so our 11 will take it most of the time. If the center mid or the striker gets the ball and they pick it up and they throw it in, that's completely completely fine. But, the two biggest things are the winger takes it most of the time, and the second one is play it fast. Throw it in fast. There is no point in waiting for the team to organize and waiting for our team to get into correct positions. We just want to play it quickly so that the other team gets caught. So, for instance, we're right here. We're on the left side. But, here's basically where we're at in the first place. What we'll want to do is get that ball. We want to play it up up the line, no matter what. Throw it as far as you can up this line. As much as you can. To make this easier, you could move that if you're a center mid, you could move into the space. A seven might come out here, which will leave our nine open to then get a throw-in all the way down here and turn it into a 1v1 or or like a 1v2 to try and go in for goal. Never never never we will want to play it this way. If we play it backwards, we immediately have to then play it back to that space because that is our only option. Or if they play it back and then once again it's scary because we have other players that are coming in to try and win the ball back. Always play it throw it up. Throw it up the field. You might think there could be there's some tactical times we might want to defend. We might want to play the ball back so that we can switch the field. We're not there yet. We are not there yet. We will play the ball up to the most safest area every single time. This is when it's fine if we want to play it up a little bit more to their feet because then the ball's in the air. Ball's in the air, we're going to be able to learn how to control the ball in the air very well and win the 50/50 ball every single time. So, we want to play it up all the time. Play it up all the time. Boom. 11, boom, up. If it's over here, seven, play it up. Boom. If we're all the way back here, Hello. Okay, there we go. If we're all the way back here, and the other team's here and we're just going to move a bunch of players real quickly. 11's over here. Five shifts, four is shifted. Six is shifted. Eight's shifted. 10's shifted. Striker should be here. Eight moves or 10 moves, we play it up. No matter what. No matter what. It's that simple. Just play it up. If we're over here, This is where we play it into the box. We treat this almost like a corner. Yeah, we'll treat this almost like a corner. We'll make this throw-in. We'll put it right here. Our eight will come to it. Our nine will come to it. Our 10 will come to it. Our six will drop back. Maybe our eight will be back here. Our six will be back here. And our nine or 10 will come. Because 99% of the time if we throw it into this box, the other team might get it. They might play it badly, drop it to our eight, and they'll put it in our goal, and we'll put it in our goal. It's that simple. Okay? When we have the ball, we play it up the field. When it's in our own When it's in our attacking third, we try to play it to the goal. As much to the goal as possible. And then when we're defending, we always play it up. We never want to play it back. Okay? As in simple when it comes to throw-ins.