Now, let's talk about free kicks. It's almost impossible to explain every single type of free kick in one video, but I don't have to because with every single free kick, it's going to be the same style, no matter what. We're going to have our three defenders in the back. We're going to have our eight, our main center mid, take the free kick almost always. And then we're going to have our wingers and our attacking mid and our striker at the top. So, let's say the ball is here. Immediately, our center mid gets on, three center backs in the back for just in case if something goes wrong, the nine wins it quickly, and the eight's over here. They can will have support for a 3v1 situation or 1v3 situation, sorry. But that eight's goal is to either make the decision, play it short, play it short to the six so that we can play it out and we can start dribbling, play it out long to the 11, or play it very long to the nine in this situation. Again, nothing crazy with free kicks. We just want to play it up. We want to play it smart. And we don't want to kick it to the other team. Let's say the ball is up here. If the ball is up here, this could be the eight or the nine. If the eight doesn't want to take the free kick, the nine can, the striker can. Fake it. Obviously, we're going to have a bunch of players making a wall on the other team, and then some of these players moving back here and trying to fend, and then look at what I'm doing with ours. Our 11 and our seven are going to get sort of wide, but they're going to get tucked in. Our six is going to hang back a little bit with whoever is back here. If the eight's taking it, then the nine jumps into the center and the eight takes it. If the nine's taking it, they just switch places. And then we'll move the five and the four defenders right here. And our 10's always in the box. And then we'll be wherever we want to be here trying to win the ball. Ball gets played in, ricochet, anything. We win it. Even if it's the wall. Three 4 v 4 situation in our own box. We'll be able to recover. Enough time for our wingers to recover. And that's what it will look like for our free kicks most of the time. Again, it's always our eight who takes it when it's in our middle third or defending third. Attacking third it can be decisive.