Okay, now free kicks for the other team. Now we're in a situation to where we're really in trouble. We are at the top of their box. Our goalkeeper is surrounded basically worse than the corner. All they have to do is just kick this ball into the goal. So, we want to stop that as much as possible. First off, when we're building a wall, we'll want to use our center mids most of the time. 8 10 six. It can be two or it can be three. If it's two, you just move your six back to help out in defense. If it's three, you move the six in. Then you have your five and your four here for defense. And then you have your 11 and seven tucked in to help out as well. In fact, I would most of the time just do two. Two come in so that we can defend back here because most of the time most players don't have the kick to be able to hit the ball over the wall and into the goal. goalkeepers hanging out being ready for the ball to come either to their body or slightly over to their body. Now, there's not very much we can do if the ball gets hit and it gets into the top corner. Not even actual goalkeepers can save that most of the time. But if the ball gets hit slowly into a bottom corner or it goes to the go straight to their chest, that's just hands. Get your hands in front. That's it. What we want to also avoid is if these guys, if the other team's 11, seven or wide, we can let that happen. We can let this ball go this way. That's away from us. But if that ball goes here, we immediately press, immediately step. Okay? Cuz the the scary part right now is this space. All of this space right here. We don't care about anything else. Most of the time, they're just going to kick the ball in. So what that's got to happen again, you have to be brave. Have to be brave. If the ball was all the way back here and their six was taking the free kick and their center backs were back here and their striker was here, their 11 and their seven, their eight and their 10. Genuinely, it doesn't even matter what where we go in this situation. All that matters is that we are defending and we're marking we're marking our players. We're marking a teammate, marking an opponent. We just don't leave anyone unmarked and we keep it open. Where's my nine? There's my nine. Nine will hang out around here with the 10. Six will be up here. So, if the ball gets played short, nine can immediately press and we hold somebody on the eight. Like I said, doesn't really matter when the ball's far away. When we have a free kick, they're usually just going to kick it up. And we just have to be brave. Have to be brave on a free kick if they're going to play it up. And we just have to be the first one to the ball. And this this is anywhere. This is here, here, here, over here, right here, here. But the second it gets into this little area, this is when it gets scary. And we have to actually properly defend uh free kick.