Okay. Let's talk about kickoffs for us. So, let's begin with our formation. 3-4-1. We have our three. Here is our four. And then here's our one. As you can see, we're hanging back a little bit right now, but we're going to change that because we have a specific way that we start our our uh kickoffs. Now, if you do a little bit of research, you can tell that a lot of the pro teams right now all have the same type of kickoff where the one player plays a short pass up backwards and then another player kicks it all the way to the other team's corner. Now, there's a reason why they do that. It's because a team is very vulnerable in a static position at the beginning of a game. Like, for example, ball gets played here, immediate pressure. This is not a long run, and there's immediately pressure on the ball to try and win that ball back. And then again, immediate pressure comes in, comes in, and next thing you know, we're playing it all the way back to our own defense, which is horrible. We don't want that to happen at all. So, we're going to follow what the pros do, and we're going to hit the ball first time into a corner. This is the only time I'm ever going to tell you to kick the ball just for the sake of it. And it should be fun. It should be fun to see how close you can get to the corner flag. So, here's how this works. You as a team are going to figure out which side you want to go to, if it's the left side or if it's the right side. The ball will start here. Our striker will always play the ball back. If we want to play it to the left side, our 11's going to start wide. Our 10 is going to move as well into this area. Our seven's still going to stay wide on the other way just in case. And then our eight's going to be right up here. And our six might move up a little bit, too, cuz we all know what's about to happen. In fact, everybody might move up a little bit more. That ball is going to get played hit hit here. And on first time and on that call, these players have already started their run. This ball is going to get played out to this section for our players to run into the space. Then nine runs in, eight runs in, seven comes out to the wide, and we come out to win it in this area, or the defender comes out here, and now we're trying to win it in there. In their defensive third and our attacking third. So much better than trying to play it out from a goal from a up from our own kickoff, from just playing making the pass. And again, this is just what the research has said. We want to be able to kick the ball, and then we want to immediately have the advantage. When we play normally, we're going to build out. But like this, this is how we do our kickoffs.