Okay, so let's talk about defending in our defending third right now. So I have the fields currently blocked out with the attacking third up here, our middle third, and our defensive third. I've put the other team in a sort of a formation that we would see they would use against us a couple little bits. And then I have our team right here on the width. And we're going to slowly move the players in just to show where we might want to be in these types of situations. And by the way, if you need a reminder, attacking third, middle third, defensive third, and then if we turn on channels, right? Remember, we have our wide channel, central channel, and another wide right channel. And so you can see this field gets broken down into nine different spaces. We only care about these three right now in the defending third. So, first off, let's talk about where defenders are. This is our four and our five. And if you remember, four is on the right, five is on the left. And so, this is a situation where the ball is super super close to our goal. In this situation, we may want our four and our five to be super super close together here. We don't want them out here because then that leaves a ton of space for this player to just run onto. So, we want to bring them in. And the reason why they're not pressing right here is because you got to remember that we also have a center mid, right? We have a six who's also right here. They might that player might be right here. And then we have our eight who could be our first defender in this situation. Another way this could be looked at is the eight might be out here. Our six might be defending the space and our four might be covering this space up here. Then let's look at our wingers. You can see in this situation their wingers are super super wide which means we need to cut off this space right here with our seven and our 11 being able to cut off this space. Our 10 is usually higher up and then our striker of course is hanging out back here. In fact, maybe even all the way up here or if we win this ball, we could maybe find a quick counterattack up the up the field. But this is about how we'll want to see our field, see how we want to defend. If we say the ball goes here, right, we go press and then cover and then we'll see what happens. Here comes a cover over here. But it's all about the pressing and the covering and making sure there is no shooting opportunity. We could be worried about a ball coming in like this. But if that's the case, then all we have to do is just cover, press, and cover. And you can see that we've covered now the space here. We've now we're now pressing and we're now covering the nine as well. If they play here, we press. So this way, cover, press, and cover. And just like that, we're in the place. As you can see, our wingers don't move until they until the ball gets played out to the space. And if that happens, we'll talk about that in a second. Now, we are defending in the wide channels. And just for a reminder here, we're in our wide channel right now. In this case, we are in our left channel in the wide spot. In this situation, their players completely unmarked. In this space, we'll want to have our 11 come in and defend this little area right here. There nine will usually be in the box. Another player will be in the box. Sometimes there might even be a third. In that situation, we move here, here, here. Make it super super tight. Six comes in. 99% of the time the 11's going to come in. So, we also come in with as a seven. gets super super compact. And then also on top of that, oh yes, we also bring our eight as well. In this situation, this is a very scary very scary place to be. In this situation, we also want our five covering this space as it's with our left wing. So that just in case these guys get beat, our five can come in and press. And so we're not really still losing it. We still have a nice 4v4 in the center just in case, but we don't want our 11 to get beaten so easily. And so that's what it's going to look like when it comes to Y channel. Now, if the player was Now, if the opponent was up here and our 11 was caught all the way up there in the middle third, then what will happen is our five will press. Actually, let's let's reset this a little bit just so that you can see what exactly because this is very very important to how we press as a team. Okay, so we're in a situation now where we can see we have our winger, winger, striker, cam, center mid, CDM, two center backs, and the swinger just got over here. They just broke the line of our number 11, and now they're running down the field. Who presses in this situation? In this situation, our six is probably too far to start making this run. They would have to make a backwards run, which we don't want to see in this situation. Instead, what we want to see is our left center back making a run to defend this area. And as that happens, our six comes back to drop and defend. Our eight comes back. And then our 10 also has to come back to defend as we're now still down a player right here. And once again, our seven is still. And so this is what happens when one of our teammates don't defend, don't help defend, is we have to bring back another player into our defense, which ends up hurting us in the long run. Now, I know it's not going to be perfect every single time. I know there's going to be times when our wingers are just so very tired and are going to just not defend at some points. And that's okay. We just have to remember that our center back, center, our left center back or our right center back goes and presses the wide areas and then our center defensive mid and center mid comes in to support the center. If the ball gets played to their center, that's why our eight and our 10 are there to press and cover. And that should be everything with the defending in our defending third.