Okay. So now let's attack from our defending third. So let's just say hypothetically that our attacker or sorry our winger our left winger in this situation has done a really good job in defending and has beaten this and has won the ball off of the this center mid and has t and has started to take it down the field like this. If we win it in our defensive third, first off, we need to expect this player's immediately going to come out and try and trash her or this player might come out immediately. If that's the case, we want to push our striker push once our striker wants to get into the channel with the ball, get around this area because we also might see this player might come out and defend and this player might come out to support and then that opens up the space for a through ball down the space for our striker to come in. And that's why we want to be in the channel with the ball with our forward is because if we're hanging out here and we play this ball, that's just a long ball to get through. And while that's happening, our seven and our 10 should be rushing down the field to get across, to get in for a cross. But a lot of the time, that's what we see when we're attacking in the defending third. It's a lot of counterattacks, right? We win the ball. How quickly can we bring it up the field? Now, in the central third, it becomes a little bit more trickier as it's there's now a lot of players in the middle of the field. Let's switch it. So now the wingers are like closer in here. Our seven's back here. Seven's back here. We're in a situation where our five just won the ball. Our left center back actually. No, we we just do the left. Now our let's say our right center back just won the ball and our wingers aren't wide and we need to start our press or we starting to get it out. Nine should be right here because they're they're in position in this situation, right? We want to see if we can build out and if we can't, we want to do a tactical reset. Right? No tactical reset is right. It's just hitting it up the field and then repositioning and getting our shape back, which is completely fine. I have no problem with our one of our center backs going up the field, realizing there's no space, and then just hitting it over here. That will give us time for us to reset our whole entire team so that we can make sure we have the best opportunity. But if we see we have a better option than that, then we should take it. In this situation, we could see our 10 might be up here. We could see the ball coming out to our 10 to receive as our winger comes out to play a through ball. We could see our four playing it to our eight. 10 will be probably more up here honestly if we win the ball somewhere around this area and our eight taking it down the field trying to once again find wide. If you can't tell the biggest thing is from our defending third get the keep get the ball safe and then look to go wide as quick as possible and our wingers need to get wide and stay wide. Um, and then there is the rare case where there is no there might not be players here and we play it to our striker and our striker takes on a situation and maybe our 10 goes into support. But again, in the defending third and attacking, the biggest thing is get the ball, lay it wide, look to go forward, play it wide. If you can't do that, I do not do not just try and kick it. instead try to play a long ball, try to play a tactical reset, lay it up, and then we'll reset from there. But overall, that's what we want to see for attacking in the middle and wide channels of the defending third.