Okay. So, let's now defend in our middle third starting with the central channel. So, let's build out what our formation should look like. In this situation, the other team has just won the ball and they're in our attacking third and are now taking it down to field in the middle of the field maybe trying to play out wide or trying to find the striker in this situation. So, let's start talk about our striker. They're mostly most of the time are going to be back here. Most of the time our striker's just been beaten and now they're out of the play completely. There is a world where they could be here, but 99% of the time they're hanging out right here. Our center attacking mid, usually in this situation, this is the one who's pressuring the ball because because that is where they want to be. The center attacking mid usually hangs out around the middle to attacking third area. You'll hear something called zone 14. This little area right here is zone 14, which is where our 10 and our nine like to hang out because it's the best spot for a person to score in. And that's not just me talking, that's statistics. Look it up if you don't know what I'm talking about. Zone 14. But our 10 is at pressing usually trying to take him out into probably the wide or the central area depending on where the rest of the team is. Our 11 will be right here. Once again, we're defending the other defender. In fact, we might even want to be in front of them a little bit. Not letting them make a run through, but being in front of them so that we can be ready to intercept the ball. Our seven, same thing. might be right here, might be around here, depending on the comfortability of where we're at with it. In fact, we might even hang out here and then if we see the pass coming in, intercept it, right? So, been once again being really, really high up onto it. So, yeah, that's where we want to be with this. R8 is one of our second and third defenders who are pressure, cover, support as our cover, and our support. Our eight might be with our eight and our six might be with their 10. And then our five and our four are going to be right next to the nine. Once again, they're tight because we are attacking. So, we want to be super super tight in this situation. In fact, actually, we could even see our four here defending the nine and then our five back here in sort of a stacked level. And the reason for that is if the ball goes here, here, and becomes a 1v one, instead of it, instead of both players being like this where it becomes a 1v one, a player might be here and it becomes a 1v2. And so a stacked defense sometimes is the best option to do, especially if their formation's this and they have two strikers, then for sure want to have a stack defense to where they don't can't make through balls or anything like that. Instead, we want to see the we want to see that ball go through. Player comes in, but we immediately intercept. But that's only for when we deal with two attackers, which if we ever deal with two attackers, we'll be able to deal with that pretty pretty well. So, in this situation, we'll go back to our four and our five. We'll be back. We'll say we'll we'll put them back a little bit more, a little bit staggered. So now we're in the situation. Six isn't going to play it back because our strikers are there. Eight might move a little bit, but then we just follow the space. We watch the space. Watch the space. Wingers might try and move in a little bit more because they want to be an option. If that's a case and we see that this player wants to play it wide, that could be a really good time to intercept the ball. And once again, this is all in the central third. This is gets very this can get very very complicated very quickly, but we want to make sure we want to make it as simplified as possible. Let's say the six does play to the eight. Then our next eight presses, our 10 covers, six covers. So immediate press, support, support. They can go backwards. They can go side to side as much as we want. We don't really care. The thing we cannot have them do is go forward. If they play a ball like this, then that's a really, really bad ball to get because that means that's a turn and now we're dealing with a three a 3v2, sorry, a 2v3 and that could mean the wingers might be off balance a little bit. And so, we want to press that. Do not dive in. If we dive in in this situation, we become even more screwed because now we're in a situation where it's a 3v3 with wingers running down the field to make it a 5v5. And we never want to have that. We never want to be numbers even when we're playing defense. If we're ever numbers even, then we're screwed. Um most sometimes sometimes um and yeah so it's basically all about pressure cover and support in the center backs and then wingers being ready to have to either run down the field to defend or try and pick off a ball. And then center backs just being prepared for any ball to come out and being in sort of a position to where one of them, one of you guys can be in a space to where they can defend the striker, but then be in a space so that if it goes over the striker's head, we can defend it properly. Okay. So now for our middle third wide channels, I'm going to turn back on the channel so that we can see what this looks like in this situation. The red team, the oppo opponent team is in a really good situation and our team is in a really horrible situation because if you look there is only one player or one play there's actually two to three players in the wide channels of the other team and there's only one of us. And so this immediately tells me that we're not wide. So how do we fix this? Well, it's really simple to start. First off, four is going to move in right here or they're going to be somewhere around this nine player. And then our five is just going to drop back a little bit more. And then our six is going to help out in the space. With that alone right there, we've already covered basically this whole entire wide channel of the defending third. Our eight is in a very bad position. Let's go ahead and move them better. Eight's going to be around here. Once again, preparing for a ball to come in around this area to the 10 or to their eight. Our 10 might actually be in a situation to come and help defend a little bit more. If not, they'll also be back. The seven will most likely come in, which means our 11 needs to come back as well. And then the other team might have their players a little bit more up. and our nine will just join in and hang out once again in the channel with the ball or just in case if we win it, we can play that ball quickly for a counter. And this more or less is what we want to do. Maybe try and pick off passes here and here. But if you look right here, there is no pass that the other team can make where we aren't manmarking, where we don't have a player who's there. They could play it to the six who didn't play it to the four who didn't play it to the seven. But that is uh World Cup level scanning. And that's the stuff I'd want to see us do in the next couple of months. But just starting out right now, we want to just be able to expect these types of both. Let the other team make the decisions for us and then we'll come in and win it from there. And again, this is all the same stuff that's happening on the left side as well. We just take this and then replicate it on the left. That's exactly what we want to do. In fact, I'll even do it real quickly. Let's say there was a full shift, 11 presses, five covers. Six in this case might drop back. Four drops back. Now, we still have our two center backs and a cover. Nine's over here because they're because once again they want to be covering the space. Eight is here. Six is here. 10 is here. R10 up here. R9 right here. R8 right here. Their 11 pressing up. Which means our seven joins in as well. Eight might be back here a little bit more. Again, doesn't really matter. like I'm being nitpicky with where I'm specifically putting squares and circles or triangles and circles in a in a field that's going to be way more fluid. But this is the idea, right? That's all we're trying to do here. It's the idea of making sure that we're supporting our teammates in the defensive area so that we're not leaving anybody behind.