Okay, now let's talk about attacking in the middle third starting from the central channel. So in this situation, something should immediately be a red flag to you when we're attacking. What do you think that is? If you said something about our wingers not being wide, then perfect. Great. Wingers need to get wide and they need to stay wide. Especially if we see their opposite wingers not being wide because then we'll be able to play out and take the ball down long, right? So, in this situation, we always want to get wide. We always want to get wide. If the other team is smart, they'll come out. They'll defend, which will leave us more space to be able to play out. That's the point of getting wide. to open up channels. Our nine will hang out somewhere in the center of center of the channel as that's where the ball is right now. And we could see a 2v2 situation happening. If the six gets involved right now, it becomes a 3v2 in this little area. And we could then play up and out or up here and through sometimes if we have the space. And overall, let's say we get we have the chance to go numbers up. Sometimes a six might come up. This 10 might play. So, not this not the six. Eight might come out here and it could become a 3v3. In this situation, we're looking to connect. We're looking not to freak out, right? We need to have good first touches, good control, be able to see, look at the field, communicate. That's one of the being in the center with the ball is one of our strongest suits as a uh 341 transitioning to a 251, right? We have three center mids. We can make it work. A lot of the time we might not even face a lot of lot of this. We might face this where they play where they they play a true 341 and they only have two centers. If that happens, then we have then we have a chance to really get in and score. In fact, that's why I love playing a 251 is because it directly counters a 341 basically. And yeah, it's just one of my favorite reasons for it. Like I say, we play a 341, but you at this point, you should know that our six is plays more of an attacking role than a center back. But of course, again, six always gets back. Always always gets back. Um, but in this situation, playing it out, boom, ticky taka in the middle, getting used to that feeling of it or then playing it out wide if we can. And again, we always want to get wide. Get wide, stay wide as much as possible. See if we get the ball up there and take it down as a 1v one. And in fact, that's actually exactly what we're going to talk about in the wide channels of the middle third. So, let's just do it now. So, now we're in the center mid. Theid plays it out wide. Our 11's here. Immediately if that happens, two things should happen. First, our eight should come out in support. Our our nine should be over here. Our 10 should be here. Our six should be here just in case our 11 loes it. Their eight might be here. Their nine will definitely be somewhere around here. And their 10 will be around here. Our seven should immediately also come in just a little. Not too much though. In fact, they might even be out here more. But in this situation, right, we want to play down the field, play through or even take on a 1v one and go down the field. Sometimes we might play center, but doing a switch like that is also very scary as once again, we don't really have the leg strength. We want to try instead just stay wide. Him keeps saying that, get wide, stay wide. We want to stay wide as much as possible, especially if we might have numbers in this situation or we might just have the opportunity to take on a 1 v one. And then once again, all about attacking is all about one v one. And yeah, we want to do all of that type of stuff. If they play it back, we're in a situation to where our 10, the 10 might come, the other team's nine might come in and screw us up. So, I'd rather us play it up. Look up. Nine and 10 should be calling for the ball, expecting it to go to their feet, not hiding behind anybody or hiding here or hiding here or hiding here even. We want to be able to make that. And that's basically what we're looking for for the middle third. trying to build out so we can get it as wide as wide and making through balls. That was another thing. Another very important thing. Say we're in this o say we're in this opportunity. Nine 11 7 10 there. Eight. There are tens up here. There are sevens back here. There are 11s back here. We could see we could see a ton of chances where if R8 beats their beats their midfielder and this is the situation that we're in. This is like the most beautiful situation we'd ever want to be in because now there's three players behind and we have three players behind. In fact, the six is actually probably here. And now we have a 5v5. But not only that, five and four are actually back here. But we could see through balls. We could see boom through ball, boom through ball, step on, boom, threw a ball, touch in, step shot, something like that. Looking to break lines, break angles, and things like that. Another thing that I see a ton is when we're back here and the defense is caught really high up. Our striker once again hanging out in the space right here. And the defense super super high up on the line. We can see long ball from our center mid 11 runs on or even be more beautiful ball through here. Nine runs on. And this you'd be like, "Oh, but that they would never do that." You'd be surprised how many times we can catch a defense lacking if we win the ball quickly in the center mid in the center and then try and get the ball off the field as quick as possible. And that's again that's like a huge huge huge thing when it comes down to it is playing those tactical through balls. Sometimes you might have to hit the ball up right and so again we don't want to kick it. We don't just want to kick it up the field. If we see a player, yes, we want to kick it, but we want to kick it with the correct height, with the correct speed so that they can get onto the ball. It's that it's that type of stuff. All that type of stuff.