Okay, let's defend in the attacking third now in our attacking third. So in this situation, this is all about we've lost the ball in a space where we could have scored and now we need to do two things. We need to defend, try and win the ball as quick as possible. And we need to make sure that there is no counterattacks. And to be clear, a counterattack is when the other team takes the ball from their from our attacking third and quickly transitions to getting the ball into our defending third in like 5 seconds. So basically ball goes here, we lose the ball and the ball ends up here in around 5 seconds. And so and then we have no players on the way back and it becomes a counterattack breakaway type thing. And so we want to make sure that doesn't happen. So in this situation, our nine's just lost the ball and our their the other team's four has it and our seven the seven and 11 are super tight because our wingers they were about right here and about right here and so they were in the correct spot. And then our nine is probably like right here as it's just they've just lost the ball and they're not in a situation immediately. 9 is that their nine's not going to be here. R4 and R5 who who might have been like this before as they were pressing now becomes something like this as they're now making sure that this nine is well defended just in case for the ball that goes right there. Now let's talk about our midfield and should immediately press this ball. Eight should recover. Six should cover here. 11 should start their drag back. Seven should start their drag back as their other team is going to start coming out. And just like this, we have we're going to ignore the goalkeeper. 1 2 3 4 5. A 5v3 situation, which is a 3v5 situation because we're the attacking team. Uh in our case, we have three. The other team has five. completely fine in this situation because we're usually numbers down when we're the team in the attacking third, but we don't want to do anything dumb, right? We want to make sure that if they go wide, we can intercept quickly. If they try and take the ball, if they try to take it down the field, we can win it quickly. Once again, our nine is coming back to recover at this point and maybe even try to win the ball back quickly. and moving everybody into a space to where they can defend properly. A lot of the time that I see what happens is the the other team get scared. They play the ball right here and either our six and our eight come up and hit that first time into the goal. And this is why I love the zone 14 is because if we if the other team loses the ball or we play it back one p one little bit, we're always going to have a player there who can hit that one time into the goal. But then one of the biggest things is we want to just pressure pressure immediately. Win the ball, find the goal just like that. Yeah, that's basically if we lose the ball, stop the counterattack and win it back as quickly as possible. Now, say our 11 and our seven are in a 1v one situation. Nine's here. Eight's here. 10's here. Seven's here. 11's here. Six is up here. Five and four. Actually, four is probably here. Five's right here. The reason why the four is right here is because that could be a chance to go back. And then that's a that's another uh higher level topic where it goes back here and then there's a cross or a long form shot to bring in pressure. Let's say in this situation 11's lost the ball and now seven starting their run down the field. We're in a pretty good spot honestly right here as even if seven does run down the field, there is still six coming back for 3v1 situation. Hopefully our eight also comes back as well. But again, a 3v3 situation in here. It's scary, but they're running down the field at full speed. our defenders coming in and all they're going to really do most of the time is just kick this ball out or they're going to play it up the field for our five and four six to come in and try and win it back. Now, if this was perfect, if this was exactly perfect, our four would come out a little bit. Six would once again drop back into the space to make sure we're covering all of our bases. Eight would drop, 10 would drop, seven would start their drop. By that time, this player is already here. 11's making their way back. This eight's out. And basically, all of these players are also moving as well. 11's also around this space. And you can see right there, that's what our transition would be from defending from the going from the corner of our attacking third to how we can defend it very very quickly from making sure they don't become a counterattack. It's a lot scarier because, you know, it becomes it's a lot more running. You're going from corner to corner flag basically. But you need to do it. You have to do it. You need to have the stamina, especially if you're a winger. You need to have the stamina to go back and forth. And there you go. Put on the channels again. You can see, right? Channels. Channels. Eight. Eight. To make this a little bit more um realistic. This is probably closer to what it'll look like. And yeah, that is the defending in the attacking third.