Okay. So, now attacking in our attacking third, starting in the central channel. When we're in the central channel, immediately, almost always, we're going to be down um as we play just because there's just more defenders than attackers when we're moving into the space, which is fine. It's the part of the game. It is completely part of the game. In this situation, our eight has the ball. They are the ball. They're getting pressed. Defenders on all sides. 10 is sort of suppressing. Nine is once again in the uh in the channel with the ball. 11 and seven are in a great spot, ready to play wide if need be. That's probably one of the best balls to play in this situation is to play wide and become a 1 v one situation to try and go into goal or go into the cross. Once again, getting wide as much as possible. But there is a world where we see a through ball. Nine comes in or we see a pass pass or a pass into a 1 v one situation. Whoa. Pass pass into a 1 v one situation on goal. And basically we just don't want to panic. In fact, if we're in this situation, we'd almost want to take him on and then score. Shoot the goal. Shoot for the goal. Almost always shoot. Shoot as much as you can. This is a super super compact version. This is if the defense is literally doing perfectly. Some of the time we might even see defenders all the way back here, this player back here, this 10 back here, this eight over here, and we've given us a ton of space for a little pass goal or pass pass cross goal or something like that. Maybe &gt;&gt; I'm going to give you the worst possible sit scenario so that when you see the best situation, you can take the best course of action. And that's basically what we want to see for attacking in the middle, either going wide or looking for a goal almost immediately. Now, when it comes to attacking in the wide channels, it once again is just like our middle third. take them on, look for a cross or go in for a goal. It really is that simple when it comes to wingers in their job in the attacking third. Go in, cross, go in, strike. Center mids, strikers, 10, six, seven. They're also coming in to support back and forth, right? Defenders obviously are going to hang out back here. they can find passes to support and then maybe a through ball into the goal. Then probably be over here. And this again, this is the same thing on the seven on the right wing. If you want to play it like that, you could even do an early cross, but again, we don't have the leg strength for that yet. And so I wouldn't really worry about it. So basically overall crosses, finishes or just finding feet of a teammate. Once again, the biggest thing is we just don't want to freak out. We don't want to pass it to the other team and give them an opportunity to counterattack or lose the ball in a really scary situation where the seven might take it here and this becomes a once again a 3v3 and maybe even and this is more of a 3v2 situation which by the way is going to happen. That's going to happen a ton in our games. Playing a 251 means that we are down usually one defender, which is completely fine. We want to be able to win the ball in the middle in the attack most of the time. But again, we sometimes we'll see counterattacks and we'll just have to deal with those the proper way. And again, our six actually helps us out here more, so it could be could be helpful with it. Um, but yeah, once again, when it's in the wide, when it's in the attacking third, look to goal. Look for goal.